
Name:
Last 4 digits ID:

CSE 6332, Cloud Computing					


Quiz Q4, Summer 2024   (c) DL, UTA, 2024


  C&P means cut and paste only those relevant lines from your program(s) into this quiz.


 1.  I understand that I am on my honor during this quiz, I will not collaborate, use 
     non-allowed sources, and I will not discuss or share this quiz with anyone for the next 
     12 hours.
     You MAY: use Google to search, use previous source code, 
     YOU MAY NOT use:
     Email, Facebook, Hangouts, IM, chats, Skype or ANY other human connection.

     This is a timed test. Late tests will have points deducted for being late.
     Very late tests will not be graded.

     When you are complete, with any part, please show or send the link, raise your hand, so we may visually inspect that part.

     The second part of the test, you should electronically submit, you will need to copy and paste 
     only those lines of code to implement that part of the test, usually a few (two to eight) lines of code. 
     Place it immediately after the question.

     Submit this Quiz (renamed) with code cut and pasted, ONLY text. DO NOT submit zips, binaries, libraries,
     or anything other than text.

     When any parts(questions) are complete complete, submit this test, you may make multiple submissions.

     If you have computer, or other, problems, please raise your hand immediately.

     If you understand and agree, please initial here:
     _________________

 2. Get files from this same folder. Also, please put he files from the sample quiz yesterday on your local system. 
   
 3. Name your program/submission with your name and last digits of your ID.

 4. Using the cloud services provider, all functionality possible should be implemented on that provider.
    (Of course, displaying web pages through a browser and the user interface is "local")
    The cloud provider is MS Azure.

 5. Upload all data files (*jpg and *csv, not this quiz) to the cloud service.

 6. You will need to be able to open several text input boxes in your web applicationn running on the cloud.
  
Show and submit code, when each part is complete, raise your hand and then show us:
 
 10. We will give you a string called S of characters, length from one to 10 characters.
     Then you should open a text box called T and:
     (a) count the number of each character in S entered in T
     (b) calculate the frequency of each character in S entered in T
     (c) we will give you a single character called C, please replace ALL characters that match any characters
         from S that are in T with the character given in C

 11. We give you S, like the previous question, in a text box T:
     (a) count all the words in T
     (b) for each character in S list all words in T that begin with that character (first show the character,
         then all words)

 12. We will give you a list of stop words (up to 10) P and the text box T and string S:
     (a) remove the stop words P from T and show how many were removed as well as the resulting text in T
     (b) For all remaining words in T, if any of those begin with a letter in S show the bi-grams that contain 
         those words - that is show two pairs of two words for each, the one word preceeding that word and 
         then anther pair showing the word following. (For example: If S is "AB" and the text is "Big red apple here"
         show "red apple" and "apple here")

 13. Show us, in a link, the application running and we will try it out. Only for parts 10,11,12

 15. When complete, return (send) this quiz
     If you finish early, send this immediately, otherwise send between
     the end of class and no more than 1 minute after that.

